README.md, before:

#HipHop [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/hiphopapp/hiphop.svg?theme=shields.io)](https://david-dm.org/hiphopapp/hiphop)

![screenshot](http://gethiphop.net/images/screenshot_mac.png)

## Contribute

Join us on IRC at `#hiphopapp` on freenode ([web access](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=hiphopapp)).

## Dependencies

You will need nodejs and grunt:

    $ npm install -g grunt-cli

And ruby with compass to build the stylesheets. Read [this](http://thesassway.com/beginner/getting-started-with-sass-and-compass) for more information.

## Running and debugging

Run at least once to install dependencies and generate JS and CSS files.

    $ npm install
    $ grunt

Run node-webkit from the build/cache directory (--debug always on). Note that grunt build has to be done at least once before this.

    $ grunt run

## Build

Build with:

    $ grunt build

By default it will build for your current platform however you can control that
by specifying a comma separated list of platforms in the `platforms` option to
grunt:

    $ grunt build --platforms=linux32,linux64,mac,win

You can also build for all platforms with:

    $ grunt build --platforms=all

## Release

_Note: should add some grunt automation here_

1. Update `version` in `/package.json`

2. `$ grunt build --platforms=mac` or just `$ grunt build` if you're on a Mac (the generated `HipHop.app` will be available in `/build/releases/HipHop/mac/`)

3. Download latest Windows version of [rogerwang/node-webkit#downloads](https://github.com/rogerwang/node-webkit#downloads) and put all files in `/node-webkit/win/*`

4. Open and Build `/dist/windows/windows-installer.iss` in a Windows environment (requires [Inno Setup](http://www.jrsoftware.org/isdl.php#stable) installed), this will generate `/dist/windows/Install HipHop x.x.x.exe`. You have your Windows installer!

5. Upload both files to `http://download.gethiphop.net/releases/x.x.x/[mac|win]/`

6. Update `/misc/update.json` accordingly and upload to `http://gethiphop.net/update.json` (*ONLY* when both releases are available for download)

Commit message:

add "How does it work?" to readme

README.md, after:

#HipHop [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/hiphopapp/hiphop.svg?theme=shields.io)](https://david-dm.org/hiphopapp/hiphop)

![screenshot](http://gethiphop.net/images/screenshot_mac.png)

## How does it work?

When searching, the app will use iTunes and Last.fm to display song results (with cover, title, artist). It will then try to find the best match for this song on Youtube and stream the **highest quality audio stream**.

No torrents, completely decentralized.

## Contribute

Join us on IRC at `#hiphopapp` on freenode ([web access](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=hiphopapp)).

## Dependencies

You will need nodejs and grunt:

    $ npm install -g grunt-cli

And ruby with compass to build the stylesheets. Read [this](http://thesassway.com/beginner/getting-started-with-sass-and-compass) for more information.

## Running and debugging

Run at least once to install dependencies and generate JS and CSS files.

    $ npm install
    $ grunt

Run node-webkit from the build/cache directory (--debug always on). Note that grunt build has to be done at least once before this.

    $ grunt run

## Build

Build with:

    $ grunt build

By default it will build for your current platform however you can control that
by specifying a comma separated list of platforms in the `platforms` option to
grunt:

    $ grunt build --platforms=linux32,linux64,mac,win

You can also build for all platforms with:

    $ grunt build --platforms=all

## Release

_Note: should add some grunt automation here_

1. Update `version` in `/package.json`

2. `$ grunt build --platforms=mac` or just `$ grunt build` if you're on a Mac (the generated `HipHop.app` will be available in `/build/releases/HipHop/mac/`)

3. Download latest Windows version of [rogerwang/node-webkit#downloads](https://github.com/rogerwang/node-webkit#downloads) and put all files in `/node-webkit/win/*`

4. Open and Build `/dist/windows/windows-installer.iss` in a Windows environment (requires [Inno Setup](http://www.jrsoftware.org/isdl.php#stable) installed), this will generate `/dist/windows/Install HipHop x.x.x.exe`. You have your Windows installer!

5. Upload both files to `http://download.gethiphop.net/releases/x.x.x/[mac|win]/`

6. Update `/misc/update.json` accordingly and upload to `http://gethiphop.net/update.json` (*ONLY* when both releases are available for download)
